Change licence to AGPLv3 and update donations text (#1028)
TabbycatDebate/tabbycat: .github/README.md

Contributions are welcome, and are greatly appreciated! Details about how to contribute [are also outlined in our documentation](http://tabbycat.readthedocs.io/en/latest/about/contributing.html).

> Monetary donations are much appreciated and help us to continue the development and maintenance of Tabbycat. We suggest that tournaments donate at the level of $1 Australian dollar per team; especially if your tournament is run for profit or fund-raising purposes. More details [are available in our documentation](http://tabbycat.readthedocs.io/en/latest/about/licence.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monetary donations are much appreciated and help us to continue the development and maintenance of Tabbycat. We suggest that tournaments donate at the level of C$1 (1 Canadian dollar) per team; especially if your tournament is run for profit or fundraising purposes. More details [are available in our documentation](http://tabbycat.readthedocs.io/en/latest/about/licence.html).
```

## ©️ Licence

> Tabbycat is licenced under the terms of the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/). You may copy, distribute, and modify this software; however note that this license requires (amongst other provisions) that any modifications you make to Tabbycat must be made public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tabbycat is licensed under the terms of the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/). You may copy, distribute, and modify this software; however note that this licence requires (amongst other provisions) that any modifications you make to Tabbycat be made public.
```

"licensed" is a verb (or a past participle thereof) in this context, so it's spelt with an s

> If you wish to modify Tabbycat in a proprietary fashion we (the developers) are open to negotiating a dual-licence for this purpose. Please [contact us](http://tabbycat.readthedocs.io/en/latest/authors.html#authors) if this is the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to modify Tabbycat in a proprietary fashion we (the developers) are open to negotiating a dual licence for this purpose. Please [contact us](http://tabbycat.readthedocs.io/en/latest/authors.html#authors) if this is the case for you.
```
